It feels like this policy will never end.
Trust me, it won't.
I'm sick of it, so we're going to make it in the United States and we have fully functional 44.
So we've seen this refers to the global object.
But how do we define what it is that we want it to be?
Well, a simple solution to this is using the pull method.
What is the core method?
Well, again, it's inbuilt into JavaScript, and it just allows us to call the function, call the
method and define what we want this to refer to.
And that's what we want here.
So let me just show you quickly what it is before we go and execute it again.
Let's create a new snippet, and it's just cool this all sense.
And then we show you what the school method does.
Firstly, let's define a function called see.
And if I if he knew to JavaScript, I don't know why, but often when you're doing taste code, you
define few and you define bar.
So you'll see a lot of that going around.
So that's why I just decided to call it food is no special meaning or value behind that word.
And all we want this function to do is we want this function to console log.
This.
And what do you think's going to happen when we execute food?
Is this a function being called on a method or is this a regular function?
But of course, this is a regular function, so the value of this should be the window object.
And let's run this code.
There you go, we can see it's the window object.
And I want to show you how the cool method works and to do that, and it's just to find an object.
It's a lit for equal, an empty object.
Now, let's execute the food function again, but let's do it with the cool method.
So we access the function, we access the natively built cool method.
And the first argument is what we want this to refer to in this case, Bob.
Now, if there were arguments in the food function, we could pass those along, have they not?
So this is a very simple example.
But now what do you think's going to happen?
Well, it's clear counsel and its run al-Kurd.
And there you go.
It's not the window object anymore because we've told the engine when we use this that we wanting to
refer to Bob in this case, the entire object.
Cool.
So that is exactly what the call makes.
It does.
If it's not implemented in our telephone to solve our problem.
So the first thing we have to do is we have to allow for us putting in a second argument into the for
each function call.
You can see at the very top, we've defined that the two arguments are Caldbeck and an argument.
Now, when we don't put in all this, it's just going to return undefined.
It's going to treat that argument as undefined.
And in this case, we've never used it anyway.
So it hasn't really mattered.
But now we actually going to be using it.
So all this and now the next thing we have to do is just change our colbeck slightly because now we're
not just wanting to execute the function directly, are we?
We wanted to access it via the call method.
And remember, the first argument is what we want this to refer to, and that's what we're going to
pass into our call.
Everything else can stay.
The same calls us.
And remember what I said if it's not defined, meaning if we don't pass in an argument, it's just going
to result as undefined.
And this in that instance, which is referred to the global object, which is what we want anyway.
So it solves our problem.
And to prove it to you, let's just make sure it's all working.
It's just say here our console and run our code.
We don't want break points.
Let me remove the breakpoint continued to run our code.
Sorry, I'll get this.
It says here, and this is the nice thing about working in the console.
We get all these errors thrown back at us and we know exactly how to fix it.
Sorry, I put all this as a second argument, but this actually has to refer to something in this instance.
We want our array to be this, not the global object.
So I couldn't put all this.
So let's just give the console again and try and run it.
And then you go.
This now refers to our array who have just blown your mind as much as mine.
And to prove it to you if we remove, all right, we should get the global object again.
So let's delete that.
Not passing anything killer console here, the console and this just run the function and we get back
to our window logic.
We have just created our plentiful and I know this was a bit of a tangent to a bit of a sidestep.
And I just thought, you know what, if you don't understand what the problem is, it's always going
to frustrate you.
So let me just spend a few lectures going over to hope you've enjoyed it.
But let's get onto what this course is really, really about an upcoming.
Hope you've enjoyed spinal section.
It's continuing.